there's a little animations going to
play same one but it's on the blank day
of cab miss my YouTube channel brings
and then I just have to be like Alex and
then it cuts and like hey guys it's okay
do you like that yeah okay
Alex hey guys do we just go from from
that to hey guys yeah well then it's
going to you know it's going to play my
intro though
okay okay
hey guys it's Andrew and as you can see
I am here with one of my favorite people
in the entire
world me and then does the music play no
did the music already play so it was
like rainbow and
intro so today we decided we would play
a game We're Playing Cards Against
Humanity YouTuber Edition actually
should you explain it well cuz I don't
know how to play okay okay like I've
never played before okay so you're going
to explain them the game that you don't
know how to play I'm going to try my
best so there's white cards there's
black cards the black cards are
categories the White cards are uh like
just I would expected a racism joke I
was working on one and nothing happens
so I just like Let It Fly the White
cards have things on it the black cards
also have things on it but we're not
using the black cards racism instead of
using the black cards we are going to
make make our own categories up that
have to do with YouTubers uh Colleen and
Shane did this gracing someone so
gracing someone if you want like a
better explanation just go find those
videos watch the intro and then and st
stop and then do you guys get
it just theck batch okay this is my
batch uh what's going to happen the next
YouTube
event ew you know what I hate what when
you're with people like it doesn't
really happen anymore but when you were
in like high school and like they'd be
like looking at their phones and they
like make a point like but you're like
just alone with them so you're like
what um I have I have two okay running
out of seen and males I have an erection
that lasts longer than 4 hours teenage
pregnancy Y and self FL oh my God self
falling
ins God I'm so sorry to your neighbor
that's accurate classic convention
activity is self lonely I hate myself
nearly every convention at one point
you're lonely you feel bad about
something something done or dumb or
embarrassing you feel
worthless and you hate your
life but we love meeting you guys can't
wait to see you this fall so who
WIS oh it's this is a competition I
thought we were just having a good time
next
next next category the next YouTuber
merchandise CHS like a book you know
something you would never do to me and I
would never do to you what we would
never like give each other back
RS why
not oh well you have nice hands so you
should we all right the next YouTuber
trend is
what I said for
compensation yeah I said a ball of ear
waxs seen and toenail
clippings I any follow up or should we
just move on Trev Moran and Ricky
Dylan's next duet title being
rich yeah or the Make A Wish Foundation
I think I want that one I thought we
weren't yeah but I still want being rich
it's like straight to the point you know
like titling a song that it's effective
it's an effective song title Beauty
gurus make a collab Channel what's the
name of the collab Channel good one so
like I love a good Beauty Guru oh just
so does everyone who doesn't like who
doesn't it calms you down it calms you
down the next Beauty Guru of collab
channel name is what Alex not
reciprocating oral sex W I said the next
big Beauty Guru YouTube channel is
having big dreams but no realistic way
to achieve
them um the next YouTube convention name
is this is still hard you're just
reading
cards it's
exhausting the name of the next big
YouTube convention is what poor Life
Choices W holy I said pretending to care
is that my blood getting all over the
carts
yeah Andre's next career move okay um
you're going to be offended okay exactly
what you'd expect what does that mean I
said peeing a little bit I also said
inserting a mason jar into my anus um a
lifetime of sadness a defective condom
it tells a story the First YouTube sex
tape is
released has there already been one is
this one what is the title okay is that
a
thing yeah WoW tonight yeah
literally the title of the next YouTuber
sex tap is completely unwarranted
confidence or doing it in the bus my
balls on your face and pooping in a
laptop and closing it oh my god um the
title of s peppers next
prank oh bye is this house works I have
okay ready yeah the title of Sam
Pepper's next prank video I said would
be the violation of our most basic human
rights mine is surprise
sex same idea say yeah the name of the
next viral YouTube challenge okay can we
go get massages today yeah makes it's
like 40 bucks if an Asian does it really
mhm how much of a white person does it
like 180 oh my God the title of the
viral YouTube challenge is what did you
say um 8 oz of sweet Mexican black tar
heroin a picture was painted I said the
next big YouTube challenge is coat
hanger abortions I think mine's the best
okay that's it all right want to wrap
this motherucker up is that like a
present Joe oh happy holiday subscri to
Andrew if you've been enjoying his 12
Days of
Christmas thank wrap this
present we lost it yep I don't think
there was ever I don't think we ever had
anything well we're done we're done we
are full I guess just get really
insecure on my ears pop out or is it
kind of cute like a little L like it's
like side grp it's like side grp side Lo
hold on no me did you have fun like a
medium yeah do you want to say anything
comment right subscribe subcribe great
what year is it 2007 we also made a
video over on her channel so the link
will be in the description you can watch
that subscribe to her she's hilarious
she's great
um that's it see you tomorrow